# DIRT: Durham Incident Report Tracker

One optimization that we were unable to complete was, "Add Expires Headers." We did add these headers to all of our HTML pages, but we could not add them to our other files because gh-pages does not allow us to do this.

Another optimization that we were unable to complete was, "Use Cookie-Free Domains." We looked into this error as well, and saw that yslow suggests 'serving static content from a different domain to avoid unnecessary cookie traffic.' However, we reasoned that since our page does not use cookies in any way, the optimization of cookie traffic is unimportant.

Another small optimization that we did not have the power to impact was, "Does Not Scale Images in HTML" for the form.html page. The three images that are unscaled are all from maps.gstatic.com (from the google maps API), and so we cannot control the fact that these images are unscaled.

One optimization for future consideration is, "Reduce the Number of DOM Elements." The reason why we fail this check is because our database currently contains over 800 incidents, and all of them are displayed on the issuedisplay3.html page. Because of this, there is a huge number of DOM elements. There is not much we can do about this, given the interface that our page currently has. We predict that when this page is eventually used, it is highly unlikely that there will ever be over 800 unresolved incidents (or even, over 50). Because of this, the number of DOM elements is unlikely to be an issue. However, we did discuss paginating the results when they reach a certain threshold (possibly limiting each page to 20 incidents), which would ensure that our DOM is limited regardless of the amount of data we get from the server.

One optimization that we did make, although yslow did not sense it, was the use of a CDN. yslow by default does not recognize gh-pages as a CDN. However, once we added github pages as a CDN, our grade on this parameter went up to an A. Other domains that yslow failed to identify as CDNs include maps.gstatic.com (from form.html), maps.googleapis.com (from form.html and issuedisplay3.html), and ajax.googleapis.com (from all pages). We do not have control over the CDN status of these pages, as we do not host them.

Although gh-pages did not permit us to make a couple of the optimizations present on the yslow, we concluded that it is still worth using, because of all of the benefits it offers us, especially its CDN.